imagine a lush rainforest on the
foothill of the Peruvian Andes I spent a
week there this summer I'm not sure what
I think this time I'm going to Peru hmm
and game caca the rug wow this is a
crazy looking bird this page says that
they congregate every morning on dancing
arenas where they perform complicated
rituals to attract the females hmm this
sounds like something I'd really like to
go see and what there's a law edge by
the same names and it's located in what
is known as the world's dirtiest road
wrist Wow there is something called
though clear tailed nightjar - that can
also be seen there I must carry a video
camera everywhere I go I love to steal
stories using video I'm kind of an
amateur video photographer
very interesting this road goes from the
top of the Andes down to the Amazon
rainforest up to 1,000 species of birds
can be seen that's very amazing
according to what I found out this place
also boasts an amazing diversity of
butterflies hmm birds and butterflies I
love them both I don't think I could
really go wrong with this place wow I'm
so surprised about the comfort grip I
was not expecting such a sophisticated
facility in such a wild and remote place
tomorrow we are going to visit the talk
of the rocks dancing arena I just can't
wait then we'll be going bird and
butterfly watching my target birds on
this trip are the Andean of the rod
and their Lear tail hi Charlie I know
I'll get it knock at the rock the night
jar though it's a different story
but we will see now show up at the break
of dawn and begin their ritual dance in
hopes of being selected by a female
fashion rather I don't they I don't
think I was expecting at I heard that
when they become real drag it's been a
female shows up oh my goodness
there's a screaming voice the panels are
very different and fun for me
bird-watching here is done along a
little-used road on the hillsides from
the road one can see the forest canopy
at eye level bird watching in the
morning is very hectic lots of birds and
mixed huge flocks that go by rather fast
I don't think I can catch them all
butterflies are also found along the
dirt road as they search for salt on the
ground birds and butterflies go crazy
and diversity and numbers here so many
birds butterflies and orchids there were
a dull moment
that's a crested Quetzal it's a wire
crested floor entails a Rufus named
fresh Finch a Rufus back at right and
that's mythical lanceolated mullet my
goodness that bird actually exists ash
brown spine tail the highlands mud line
no one really good thing about this
place is the part of the profit from
tourism are used to purchase land that
protect habitat for the Andean Kaka the
rock and all the biodiversity in this
region they have already bought a
significant amount of land and put it
under a conservation easement in
perpetuity oh it's a great breasted
mountain toucan
we saw one female leer tailed nightjar
tonight another great way it would have
been nice to see a male nightjar with
its long tail but hey that's always a
good reason to come back another time
[Music]
tonight they're going to spot were a
male ear tailed nightjar because been
deceived
in the past back to them oh my goodness
there it is a male ear tailed nightjar a
little blurry but just the silhouette it
was super amazing all we caught was a
glimpse of a flying bird I did not
realize a little hand tail there is a
lot of birds and other wildlife in the
lodges glands the owners have collected
food from trees eaten by birds and
planted them at the lodges grounds a lot
of birds and other wildlife are attached
to the fruiting trees and flowers they
really knew it when they weren't visited
to keep the door shut at night wild
monkeys and folds are ready to take
anything left unattended Wow look at
that paradise Tanager right outside a
cabin here's a mud pie Tanager wire
crested thorn tail blue grey Tanager
orange bellied yuphoria many spotted
hummingbird cinnamon fly catcher
oh and we found a very protective mother
Lear tailed nightjar we found two female
leader tailed nightjars but no males
this is my last night here tomorrow
morning I am heading back to catch my
plane to the United States I really love
my steak here a better view of a male
Learfield nightjar and this great place
are compelling reasons Fanta Fanta I
love this fish during my last day as I
was heading to the landing for a ride
back to a city of Cuzco one of the
workers said bad found in my charge in a
daytime roost we rushed the spot where
the nightjar was seen the day before and
hope that it was still there nightjars
usually use the same day ruse we have 15
minutes to go see it and come back
before I have to leave whoa there it was
look at that toil amazing I found my
targeted bird at the 11th hour we need
to go now
now I only have one more compelling
reason to come back just the sheer
beauty of this place
[Music]